Changelog 8.5.1 (#128)
OntimizeWeb/ontimize-web-ngx-theming: CHANGELOG.md

# 8.5.1 (2023-03-21)
### Bug fixes

> * Fixed input fields label on **standard appearance** and **lite style** ([dbe3cb4](https://github.com/OntimizeWeb/ontimize-web-ngx-theming/commit/dbe3cb4)) Closes [#125](https://github.com/OntimizeWeb/ontimize-web-ngx-theming/issues/125)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed that the labels of the inputs were cut off with the **standard appearance**  in  **lite style**  ([dbe3cb4](https://github.com/OntimizeWeb/ontimize-web-ngx-theming/commit/dbe3cb4)) Closes [#125](https://github.com/OntimizeWeb/ontimize-web-ngx-theming/issues/125)
```
